contrib/devtools/README.md, before:

Contents
===========
This directory contains tools for developers working on this repository.

check-doc.py
============

Check if all command line args are documented. The return value indicates the
number of undocumented args.

github-merge.py
===============

A small script to automate merging pull-requests securely and sign them with GPG.

For example:

  ./github-merge.py 3077

(in any git repository) will help you merge pull request #3077 for the
Marble-Project/Marble repository.

What it does:
* Fetch master and the pull request.
* Locally construct a merge commit.
* Show the diff that merge results in.
* Ask you to verify the resulting source tree (so you can do a make
check or whatever).
* Ask you whether to GPG sign the merge commit.
* Ask you whether to push the result upstream.

This means that there are no potential race conditions (where a
pullreq gets updated while you're reviewing it, but before you click
merge), and when using GPG signatures, that even a compromised GitHub
couldn't mess with the sources.

Setup
---------
Configuring the github-merge tool for the Marble repository is done in the following way:

    git config githubmerge.repository Marble-Project/Marble
    git config githubmerge.testcmd "make -j4 check" (adapt to whatever you want to use for testing)
    git config --global user.signingkey mykeyid (if you want to GPG sign)

optimize-pngs.py
================

A script to optimize png files in the Marble
repository (requires pngcrush).

fix-copyright-headers.py
===========================

Every year newly updated files need to have its copyright headers updated to reflect the current year.
If you run this script from src/ it will automatically update the year on the copyright header for all
.cpp and .h files if these have a git commit from the current year.

For example a file changed in 2014 (with 2014 being the current year):
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2013 The Bitcoin developers```

would be changed to:
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2014 The Bitcoin developers```

symbol-check.py
===============

A script to check that the (Linux) executables produced by gitian only contain
allowed gcc, glibc and libstdc++ version symbols. This makes sure they are
still compatible with the minimum supported Linux distribution versions.

Example usage after a gitian build:

    find ../gitian-builder/build -type f -executable | xargs python contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py

If only supported symbols are used the return value will be 0 and the output will be empty.

If there are 'unsupported' symbols, the return value will be 1 a list like this will be printed:

    .../64/test_marble: symbol memcpy from unsupported version GLIBC_2.14
    .../64/test_marble: symbol __fdelt_chk from unsupported version GLIBC_2.15
    .../64/test_marble: symbol std::out_of_range::~out_of_range() from unsupported version GLIBCXX_3.4.15
    .../64/test_marble: symbol _ZNSt8__detail15_List_nod from unsupported version GLIBCXX_3.4.15

update-translations.py
======================

Run this script from the root of the repository to update all translations from transifex.
It will do the following automatically:

- fetch all translations
- post-process them into valid and committable format
- add missing translations to the build system (TODO)

See doc/translation-process.md for more information.

Commit message:

Change to Marco Polo Coin
Change to Marco Polo Coin

contrib/devtools/README.md, after:

Contents
===========
This directory contains tools for developers working on this repository.

check-doc.py
============

Check if all command line args are documented. The return value indicates the
number of undocumented args.

github-merge.py
===============

A small script to automate merging pull-requests securely and sign them with GPG.

For example:

  ./github-merge.py 3077

(in any git repository) will help you merge pull request #3077 for the
Marco-Project/Marco repository.

What it does:
* Fetch master and the pull request.
* Locally construct a merge commit.
* Show the diff that merge results in.
* Ask you to verify the resulting source tree (so you can do a make
check or whatever).
* Ask you whether to GPG sign the merge commit.
* Ask you whether to push the result upstream.

This means that there are no potential race conditions (where a
pullreq gets updated while you're reviewing it, but before you click
merge), and when using GPG signatures, that even a compromised GitHub
couldn't mess with the sources.

Setup
---------
Configuring the github-merge tool for the Marco repository is done in the following way:

    git config githubmerge.repository Marco-Project/Marco
    git config githubmerge.testcmd "make -j4 check" (adapt to whatever you want to use for testing)
    git config --global user.signingkey mykeyid (if you want to GPG sign)

optimize-pngs.py
================

A script to optimize png files in the Marco
repository (requires pngcrush).

fix-copyright-headers.py
===========================

Every year newly updated files need to have its copyright headers updated to reflect the current year.
If you run this script from src/ it will automatically update the year on the copyright header for all
.cpp and .h files if these have a git commit from the current year.

For example a file changed in 2014 (with 2014 being the current year):
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2013 The Bitcoin developers```

would be changed to:
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2014 The Bitcoin developers```

symbol-check.py
===============

A script to check that the (Linux) executables produced by gitian only contain
allowed gcc, glibc and libstdc++ version symbols. This makes sure they are
still compatible with the minimum supported Linux distribution versions.

Example usage after a gitian build:

    find ../gitian-builder/build -type f -executable | xargs python contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py

If only supported symbols are used the return value will be 0 and the output will be empty.

If there are 'unsupported' symbols, the return value will be 1 a list like this will be printed:

    .../64/test_marco: symbol memcpy from unsupported version GLIBC_2.14
    .../64/test_marco: symbol __fdelt_chk from unsupported version GLIBC_2.15
    .../64/test_marco: symbol std::out_of_range::~out_of_range() from unsupported version GLIBCXX_3.4.15
    .../64/test_marco: symbol _ZNSt8__detail15_List_nod from unsupported version GLIBCXX_3.4.15

update-translations.py
======================

Run this script from the root of the repository to update all translations from transifex.
It will do the following automatically:

- fetch all translations
- post-process them into valid and committable format
- add missing translations to the build system (TODO)

See doc/translation-process.md for more information.
